Enhancement/CIAC-16873/ES add mirror (#45164)
demisto/content: Packs/Elasticsearch/ReleaseNotes/1_6_0.md

#### Classifiers

##### New: Elasticsearch

- New: Added a new classifier- Elasticsearch that Classifies Elasticsearch entities using the deterministic 'elastic_entity_kind' field set by the integration on every fetched incident: 'signal' is classified as Elasticsearch Security Alert, 'securitySolution' is classified as Elasticsearch Case, and any other value falls back to the default Elasticsearch incident type.

#### Incident Fields

##### New: Elasticsearch Case Close Reason

> - New: Added a new incident field- Elasticsearch Case Close Reason that stores the reason an Elasticsearch case was closed, used when mirroring the case closure to and from Cortex XSOAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new incident field, Elasticsearch Case Close Reason, that stores the reason an Elasticsearch case was closed. Used when mirroring the case closure to and from Cortex XSOAR.
```

##### New: Elasticsearch Case ID

- New: Added a new incident field- Elasticsearch Case ID that stores the unique identifier of the Elasticsearch case, used to correlate and mirror the case with its Cortex XSOAR incident.

##### New: Elasticsearch Workflow Alert Status Reason

> - New: Added a new incident field- Elasticsearch Workflow Alert Status Reason that stores the workflow reason (kibana.alert.workflow_reason) of an Elasticsearch security alert, indicating why its workflow status was set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new incident field, Elasticsearch Workflow Alert Status Reason, that stores the workflow reason (kibana.alert.workflow_reason) of an Elasticsearch security alert, indicating why its workflow status was set.
```

##### New: Elasticsearch Case Status

> - New: Added a new incident field- Elasticsearch Case Status that stores the current status of the Elasticsearch case (for example, open, in-progress, or closed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new incident field, Elasticsearch Case Status, that stores the current status of the Elasticsearch case (for example, open, in-progress, or closed).
```

##### New: Elasticsearch Alert ID

> - New: Added a new incident field- Elasticsearch Alert ID that stores the unique identifier (kibana.alert.uuid) of the Elasticsearch security alert, used to correlate and mirror the alert with its Cortex XSOAR incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new incident field, Elasticsearch Alert ID, that stores the unique identifier (kibana.alert.uuid) of the Elasticsearch security alert. Used to correlate and mirror the alert with its Cortex XSOAR incident.
```

##### New: Elasticsearch Workflow Alert Status

> - New: Added a new incident field- Elasticsearch Workflow Alert Status that stores the workflow status (kibana.alert.workflow_status) of an Elasticsearch security alert, such as open, acknowledged, or closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new incident field, Elasticsearch Workflow Alert Status, that stores the workflow status (kibana.alert.workflow_status) of an Elasticsearch security alert, such as open, acknowledged, or closed.
```

##### New: Elasticsearch Alert Reason

> - New: Added a new incident field- Elasticsearch Alert Reason that stores the reason (kibana.alert.reason) generated for the Elasticsearch security alert, describing why the alert was triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new incident field, Elasticsearch Alert Reasonm that stores the reason (kibana.alert.reason) generated for the Elasticsearch security alert, describing why the alert was triggered.
```

##### New: Elasticsearch Status Update Date

> - New: Added a new incident field- Elasticsearch Status Update Date that stores the date and time (kibana.alert.workflow_status_updated_at) when the workflow status of the Elasticsearch security alert was last updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new incident field, Elasticsearch Status Update Date, that stores the date and time (kibana.alert.workflow_status_updated_at) when the workflow status of the Elasticsearch security alert was last updated.
```

#### Incident Types

##### New: Elasticsearch Security Alert

> - New: Added a new incident type- Elasticsearch Security Alert that represents a security alert fetched from Elasticsearch, enabling dedicated layouts, mappers, and mirroring for Elasticsearch security alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new incident type, Elasticsearch Security Alert, that represents a security alert fetched from Elasticsearch, enabling dedicated layouts, mappers, and mirroring for Elasticsearch security alerts.
```

<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).</~XSOAR>

##### New: Elasticsearch Case

> - New: Added a new incident type- Elasticsearch Case that represents a case fetched from Elasticsearch, enabling dedicated layouts, mappers, and mirroring for Elasticsearch cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new incident type, Elasticsearch Case, that represents a case fetched from Elasticsearch, enabling dedicated layouts, mappers, and mirroring for Elasticsearch cases.
```

#### Integrations

##### Elasticsearch v2

> - Added support for **Fetch incident types** parameter that the type of incident to fetch from elasticsearch (security alert, case, or other entity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for an **Fetch incident types** parameter that specifies the type of incident to fetch from elasticsearch (security alert, case, or other entity).
```

> - Added support for **Incident Mirroring Direction** parameter that mirroring works only for incident types elasticsearch security alert and elasticsearch case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for an **Incident Mirroring Direction** parameter that specifies whether mirroring works only for incident types elasticsearch security alert and elasticsearch case.
```

> - Added support for **Fetch alerts for case** parameter that when enabled, fetches alerts associated with each elasticsearch case. you must have read privileges for the cases feature in the management, observability, or security section of the kibana feature privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the **Fetch alerts for case** parameter that specifies whether to fetch alerts associated with each Elasticsearch case. You must have read privileges for the cases feature in the management, observability, or security section of the Kibana feature privileges.
```

> - Added support for **Fetch alerts for case** parameter that when enabled, fetches alerts associated with each elasticsearch case. you must have read privileges for the cases feature in the management, observability, or security section of the kibana feature privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a **Fetch alerts for case** parameter that specifies whether to fetch alerts associated with each Elasticsearch case. You must have read privileges for the cases feature in the management, observability, or security section of the Kibana feature privileges.
```

> - Added support for **Fetch cases by Severity** parameter that case severities to fetch. if none is chosen, all severity levels will be returned. relevant only for incident type elasticsearch case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a **Fetch cases by Severity** parameter that specifies which case severities to fetch. If none is chosen, all severity levels will be returned. Relevant only for the Elasticsearch case  incident type.
```

> - Added support for **Fetch cases by Status** parameter that case statuses to fetch. if none is chosen, inprogress and open will be returned. relevant only for incident type elasticsearch case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for  a**Fetch cases by Status** parameter that specifies which case statuses to fetch. If none are chosen, **inprogress** and **open** cases will be returned. Relevant only for incident type Elasticsearch case.
```

> - Added support for **Close Mirrored XSOAR Incident** parameter that when selected, closing the elasticsearch alert or case is mirrored in cortex xsoar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a **Close Mirrored XSOAR Incident** parameter that specifies whether closing the Elasticsearch alert or case is mirrored in Cortex XSOAR.
```

> - Added support for **Close Mirrored Elasticsearch Incident** parameter that when selected, closing the cortex xsoar incident is mirrored in elasticsearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a **Close Mirrored Elasticsearch Incident** parameter that specifies whether closing the Cortex XSOAR incident is mirrored in Elasticsearch.
```

> - Added support for **get-remote-data** command that gets remote data of a specific incident. this command is used for mirroring in and should be used for debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a **get-remote-data** command that gets remote data of a specific incident. This command is used when mirroring in and is intended for debugging purposes.
```

> - Added support for **get-modified-remote-data** command that gets the list of incidents that were modified since the last update time. this command is used for mirroring in and should be used for debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a **get-modified-remote-data** command that gets the list of incidents that were modified since the last update time. This command is used when mirroring in and is intended for debugging purposes.
```

> - Added support for **update-remote-system** command that updates the remote system with local incident changes. this command is used for mirroring out and should be used for debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for an **update-remote-system** command that updates the remote system with local incident changes. This command is used when mirroring out and is intended for debugging purposes.
```

#### Mappers

##### New: Elasticsearch Case - Incoming Mapper

- New: Added a new mapper- Elasticsearch Case - Incoming Mapper that Maps incoming Elasticsearch Case fields to XSOAR incident fields.

##### New: Elasticsearch Case - Outgoing Mapper

> - New: Added a new mapper- Elasticsearch Case - Outgoing Mapper that Maps XSOAR incident fields to outgoing Elasticsearch Case fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new mapper, Elasticsearch Case - Outgoing Mapper, that maps XSOAR incident fields to outgoing Elasticsearch Case fields.
```

##### New: Elasticsearch Security Alert - Incoming Mapper

> - New: Added a new mapper- Elasticsearch Security Alert - Incoming Mapper that Maps incoming Elasticsearch Security Alert fields to XSOAR incident fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new mapper, Elasticsearch Security Alert - Incoming Mapper, that maps incoming Elasticsearch Security Alert fields to XSOAR incident fields.
```

##### New: Elasticsearch Security Alert - Outgoing Mapper

> - New: Added a new mapper- Elasticsearch Security Alert - Outgoing Mapper that Maps XSOAR incident fields to outgoing Elasticsearch Security Alert fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Added a new mapper, Elasticsearch Security Alert - Outgoing Mapper, that maps XSOAR incident fields to outgoing Elasticsearch Security Alert fields.
```
